and now it's not for our pro profiles a
week and it is that's right Brian unite
from New York so they want to bless us
with the fact of profile the weekend I
remember this is why I did my first
route ever you know I just live in New
York that's right started skating went
down to the Brooklyn banks and I was
with Eric Moore and I remember him
holding my hand
hang on you just kind of slide down the
rail and then I caught the fever turn
you know I started skating with you a
lot in the parch and you know where I
fell in the legs I started teaching you
to jump on the hand roll and now do
front flips over at the Brooklyn baby
for the night they're not longer there
but also you did the rail the long
curved rail we did in mat beef you fell
in the water I'm like whoa you smell
like hot garbage when I first started
skating I wasn't very good I couldn't
even rollerblade good and I jumped
levels like I wanted to be as good as
Arlo when I first saw him so I said I'm
gonna do the stuff he did so I would end
up jumping on a rail doing a nice trick
then I'm like oh my god I got to get off
what am I going to do and then I tell
him Paulie but I've accumulated a lot of
basic skating over the years and finally
I feel like I'm at a level where my
skating is actually in control and that
makes it a lot of fun and I've been
doing a lot better and mostly you know
makes me feel good as when all my
friends you want man they're getting
good you know what I can actually do it
for it I really appreciate that and
that's what makes it really fun I'm 29
I'm no spring chicken you know but I
still live the life of an 18 year old
and I ain't gonna stop
well thank everyone and one of the
features as a profile of the week thanks
everyone at home and hope you enjoyed it
and stay tuned on the Fox Sports Net
we're back to with more action that will
of New York City
they had great luminary runs Josh you've
had one the highest sports of the day
you're skating fabulous are you gonna
win this thing what's the deal I'm just
trying to relax you know she'll have a
bunch I live about it so what's your
strategy to win the whole thing I'd say
I'm just gonna relax you know hang out
try and concentrate a little bit you
know maybe throw an extra spin on
something basically just keep my my last
run and just hope that I'll carry me
through to the final
well you know where my heart is you're
my people Josh penny look for him to win
this whole thing today so skating next
is you could see him getting ready as
Josh Teddy and he's really mixed it up
to make himself stand out Josh lady
weights no time dropping to the wrong
side of the quarter pipe making things a
little bit confusing were here for all
the judgment everyone but that's the way
it supposed to be being different Josh
great run tops I'll use so Al's
270 off down to the transition great
great way to start your line Josh soles
in the quarter pipe goes with the
backside on top of the bed rail follows
up with a sweat stance Josh using
everything so far T to hit every eye
product and of course a great way to be
he's charging here that's what it's
going for beautiful 540 over the launch
box going the opposite way that's what
I'm talking about Josh petty being
different from everyone there he used
the wrong side of the transition to make
it across the bar no one's ever done
that you're doing it again
fakie five fold down to the transition
out of launch spot wow what a great run
Josh petty just charging the ramps like
he owns them and he comes back down the
course being different and unique that's
what it's all about for Josh failure
here in this course and he's having a
great run catching his breath as the
shock wave time clock lines down go for
the top side a that I didn't quite pull
it all the way down but that's good
enough great run for Josh petty and
that's gonna be pretty tough to beat
you're looking back out that one of
those awesome tricks top so Alice 360
back in and here's the main one 540 the
launch box is going the opposite way
so Josh petty the man from San Diego
California with the huge effort here in
the Final Four
what's your strategy they're going to
pull out bigger tricks for the finals
are gonna keep it the same
I'm gonna try out a real effort here in
the Final Four what's your strategy
you're gonna pull out bigger tricks for
the finals you're gonna keep it the same
I'm gonna try out a rotation into myself
and that's it I have a good luck to you
not that you need it this guy skates
incredibly gonna want to watch him in
the Final Four
here comes Nikki Adams
she's our skater he might be the best
newcomer on the tour well Nikki Adams
definitely has potential here very good
Street skate as well as vert he's got
everything so he he's not lacking on
anything on this course of the ramps the
rails he kind of does a lot of airs and
less grinds and everything else but it's
gonna be tough for Nikki to be a run
like Josh petty the witcha was so
technical with airs and grinds Micky
Adams already with a victory this season
and one thing about Nikki as he's been
at about three or four contests so he's
definitely used to the course right now
Nikki definitely knows what to do in the
course out there but he's gonna have to
do a lot to beat out Josh Petty's run
we've had an amazing run just a couple
of seconds ago and he is going for it
whoa what a trick Rick strolling that
backside from the from the quarter pipe
going back in 360 amazing creativity is
a factor on the course and Nikki Adams
pulling off a very difficult creative
trick they're going down the rail all
the way down and he calls it off the 60
seconds is up looking back and looking
back at his tricks he did a lot of airs
but he lacked on Brian's I mean your
Street skating you're supposed to do a
lot of grinds here more kind of even it
out but Nikki went out and did a lot of
difficult tricks a lot of difficult
spends but he definitely lacked on Brian
overall though pretty impressive run by
the youngster from Montreal Canada our
next skater another young guy coming out
first first time in the USA Blake Dennis
like Dennis really knows how to mix
everything up beautiful stuff by 40
followed by a fakie 540 on the spine now
grinding oh my god Lake Dennis going all
out here after seeing what Josh Petty
did out there he knows what he's got to
do it's so far rowlandson he's doing
everything right on the street course
all he does right now is have to stay on
his feet he's got money written all over
him if he stays on his feet right now
Rick taking a little break there he's
got an amazing run going right now very
well mixed spins air wide amazing trick
right there
true spin a kind grind I can't believe
that he pulled at this point of his run
Bruce pentacon grind I don't think we've
seen that yet on the rail done so
perfectly
Blake Dennis he could go for another 60
seconds non-stop action from the kid
from Australia throwing a lot of 7:22 in
the quarter pipe well I think he's the
one Rick yeah I picked him right now
it's over I don't know about over but
let's take a look back bring us through
some of these brilliant moves beautiful
still 540 there now follow up with a
backside farfegnugen in here the top
side I'll you throw on the quarter pipe
but this is a money trick right here
to spin a Congress leader
the results are in and yes Blake tennis
takes it in role of since identify with
the chance and I'm sitting here with
Blake Dennis flaked in at the winner of
the street competition Blake you had an
amazing run you did what you had to do I
talked to you earlier before and you
told me if you were going to see what
the skaters did and you did you saw what
Josh buddy did out there this last run
and you beat it yeah um i Sol face state
is like dude technical tricks and not
fall so as I said earlier I went
technical and bolts a pill and all my
tricks
well congratulations Blake anyone you
want to thank yes tomorrow for giving me
courage to go pulls out and my sponsors
medium Rosa and Kramer thanks you go
works with my champion Blake Dennis